You are a waste
My dad is going to have three long and two short
It's none of my business that I peel your skin off
It must be that mountain wolf
I've hurt God by doing random things.
Who is slandering me?
It's you, boy
Dare to call yourself a genius doctor
It's you who tied the pillow indiscriminately
That's why the old man is dying
You shut up
Mr. Xu, please save my father, don't worry.
Shen Lao still has help
Prepare the roaches now
Three bed bugs and three mosquitoes each.
Then it's going to be ground into powder with bumper hands and brought over
You dragon people
I like to do these crooked things
If this can be cured
He just sticks those things out
This is what you said.
Ghostgate fit
The world is alone
Thank you Mr. Xu
Somebody let him eat something, right?
Brother, I really want to report
You invite me up
Come come
Mr. Xu
I have found the dragon fishy grass you want for you.
But there's one thing I don't understand.
Dragon hearts are abundant in the world
Even our Shen family can't save you
Who did you save?
save people
What disease is so severe that even you can't save it?